### Persona
This user owns and is a custodian of the raw data, pipelines, portal, tools and processed data. This user has a vested interest in making sure their data is available, widely used, and used appropriately. They are concerned both that their data is being used within the confines of its use policy, and also that users are making sound statistical and biological inferences with it. This is because misinterpretation of the data can lead to wasted efforts and discrediting the resource. The DCC as a whole have a deep knowledge of their dataset and how it can and can’t be used to answer questions; however, their computational knowledge may range from novice to professional bioinformatician. This user is also interested in monitoring their data releases and the use of their data. For new data, they want to monitor progress statistics such as percent uploaded. For established datasets, they want to monitor usage statistics like the number of searches the data appeared in, number of access requests, how frequently users clicked through to the DCC’s own interface, how it is used in publications that cite the data, or the tools that are developed to interact with the data. They will primarily interact with the data monitoring system via a point and click interface, viewing (and saving) summary statistics in the form of rendered graphs and figures. However they would appreciate the ability to automatically pull statistics via a command line interface (CLI) for use in automatically generating reports and analyzing user trends. Most such users utilize resources such as Google Analytics for this purpose. However, in most cases, tools such as Google Analytics are limited. Key activities, for example, file downloads are not available since they require specialized code.

### Data Owner Summary 1
Janice is the PI for a relatively new data coordinating center. She would like to use the CFDE portal to help write a progress report for her funding agency. Using the browser and filter functions on the CFDE portal she creates a report containing relevant summary statistics for datasets owned by her DCC as well as similar DCCs for comparison and creation of relevant rendered graphs and figures of the summary data.  This includes information such as how many datasets she has uploaded to the cloud, how many are in progress, their FAIRness score, and an estimate of how long they will take to finish. It also includes overall usage statistics, such as how many users have downloaded, linked to, or cited her datasets. The report also contains rendered graphs and figures for the summary data, such as bar graphs and pie charts. Using the CFDE portal’s search function she is also able to generate a list of publications that use her data. She uses this information to see how people actually use her data, and this helps her create relevant tutorials and workshops. Janice also plans to request extra funding to expand her DCC, and she incorporates the summary graphs and figures into her proposal.

### Data Owner Summary 2
Janice is a PI setting up a new data coordinating center. She would like to use the CFDE portal to look at historical data from similar existing DCCs to help give her an idea of what to expect in terms of volume of data and traffic/usage of the site. Using the browser and filter functions on the CFDE portal she obtains relevant summary statistics for datasets owned by 5 DCCs that have data hosting needs similar to what she anticipates for her DCC. She views rendered graphs and summary figures on the CFDE portal site to get an overview of the DCCs she selected. This includes information such as number of studies and subjects involved and the resulting number of datasets hosted. She uses this information as she is setting up her DCC to help her budget and determine the amount of data storage and bandwidth she will need.
