### Persona
This user understands computation, and is comfortable with the command line interface (CLI) and at least one other programming language, However, they may not be experts in biology. They will primarily interact with the data using an API. They will also expect that the data is in a form that can be used by workflow languages and some of such workflows are documented and available. They will rarely work in a point and click interface except in the case where they will perform preliminary exploration of the data. They may be receiving lists of data files to analyze from their less computational colleagues. This user is most interested in accessing and processing large volumes of data in standardized and unique ways to enable data visualization and complex queries. The user will be able to document their workflow so their results can be reproduced by others. Their workflows will commonly produce customized interactive and static graphs and figures. 

### Power User Summary
Lacey is a computational post-doc. Her PI, Pam, has preliminary results indicating that GeneX is implicated in Focal Cortical Dysplasia (FCD) and Lacey has volunteered to further investigate the role of GeneX in FCD. Pam provides Lacey with the results of an initial CFDE search she performed that identified datasets which include information related to FCD. She provides a table of the summarized metadata and summary statistics (e.g., relevant studies, data types, number of participants, diagnoses) from each dataset as well as the names and locations of the corresponding files. The search results had identified two CFDE programs with clinical data related to FCD: Kids First (KF) and HubMAP (HM). HM additionally includes genomics data, which can be used to better understand the mechanism by which GeneX influences FCD, and KF includes genetic information allowing Lacey to attempt to replicate Pam’s earlier findings in a new cohort.  
Upon looking into KF and HM, she notes that both provide access to their data through Cavatica. As she is not familiar with Cavatica, she finds CFDE-developed training materials and uses those to familiarize herself with accessing and analyzing data through Cavatica’s API. She then queries single cell RNA-seq data from HubMAP through Cavatica’s API and identifies three genes co-expressed with GeneX in Cajal–Retzius cells. She verifies this expression pattern by viewing ISH and IHC data for the four genes of interest on the HubMAP website, which was available via a link from the HuBMAP summary information on the CFDE portal. Lacey then accesses KF variant call files through Cavatica and runs a candidate gene association to determine if GeneX or any of the co-expressed genes are associated with FCD. She finds a weak association between FCD and GeneX as well as two of the genes co-expressed in Cajal–Retzius cells. Lacey creates several figures summarizing her findings which Pam uses as preliminary data to support her next grant.
